welcome back I'm Brady sitting alongside
Everson Walsh let's get to what you want
yes it's right to here we go let's get
started Cowboys draft in the first round
is what we care about today and we are
having to tape on friday this week so
all we're going to be able to discussed
is the first round but at this point
you're here you were a fantastic
cornerback in this league you want a
championship and everybody out there
wants to know what you think of Morris
clever man I am so excited right now
forgive me if I start to drool on myself
okay because this guy is obviously one
of the best defensive players in the
draft and for once well maybe twice
Jerry and Stephen made one of the best
moves in the draft that you want to ever
see we were talking about Baron well I
was talking about Baron coming from
Alabama but they knew the Baron wasn't
going to be there so they traded up even
could have had gotten Baron still and
ended up getting this guy Claiborne I
think that is amazing and I think it's
going to help our position defensively
infinite infinitely all right here his
stats 33 games 11 picks keep looking
down Jim Thorpe Award winner SEC
Defensive Player of the Year friends
that was an NFL division yes and he was
the best player in an NFL division have
to think of a stack of his teammate I
was also up for the high snap so yeah he
got defensive this guy is no doubt
dynamic and for a month I have been
standing around here saying I don't care
who you get just get a playmaker get a
dynamic guy they got it now when I
initially heard it if you follow me on
on Twitter I was like hell yes and then
I backpedal a little bit and said man
you gave up the second and maybe you
could have moved down actually to get my
Stanford offensive lineman and maybe you
end up at 20 35 and 45 in what is a
really rich draft and you have three of
the top 50 ish pics man that would have
been tantalizing yeah but then the more
I thought about it the more I thought
what in Jerry Jones is 10 year
especially since bill left leads me to
believe that if they pick 20 35 and 45
that they would have got it right so the
truth is they got it exactly right with
this player and the reason they gallery
right was because we have shown to be so
inept in our secondary and of course
it's well documented on this show people
realize how disappointed i've been in
there now you have two guys car
out and you have claiborne that can make
plays on any right wide receiver in the
league they are not intimidated plus
they are extremely physical you don't
see many missed tackles in these guys
repertoire and that is good to see as
well because we need place Stoppers we
need guys that can make plays on the run
and make plays against the past five
fourth-quarter leads blown last year
obviously Eli Manning a couple of times
and we saw what happened in the detroit
game but people forget that this team
was seven and four eight and five and it
had five blown fourth-quarter leads in
the bottom line is not enough pass rush
addressed or not we'll get to that but
they also gave up play after play after
play down the field now can to lock down
corners and Jenkins in there somewhere
in the slot and Scandrick or whatever
whatever can those guys help a pass rush
can it work the other way around to me
that is a no-brainer because if you have
two cornerbacks that can make plays on
their particular sides of the field then
that means you can have the safeties
that can concentrate on the middle of
the field and that's where we saw
Philadelphia tearing us alive that's
where we saw the Giants toasting us to
death all last season so now you can
concentrate your two safeties and all
your linebackers on the middle of the
field not just on doubling up on slots
and tight ends and running backs but
also to force the run situation in run
defense so now you've got linebackers
will help inside you've got the
defensive lineman who don't necessarily
have to worry about okay should I get
there sooner because I know these guys
back here are going to be for 30 mins
should I take a chance now they can be
very solid in whether they can do and
also Ryan can kind of slow down on all
the gambling as a defensive coach now he
can look be a little bit more solid as
far as his scheme is concerned and maybe
a little less confusion in the second a
very good point all right the NFC East
you would like to know hey what happened
everybody else well you knew what was
going to happen in Washington they've
moved up they've got their man rg3 is
gonna be he's money in the bank I'm
telling you I believe both the top
quarterbacks picked our money in the
bank couldn't go wrong
on either one Washington has no money to
get any other players to put around and
so maybe they this year a little cam
newton like in that they're dangerous as
hell but don't win very often I love
Fletcher coxon and as I went through my
scenarios of you know what might they do
I would have loved to have had Fletcher
Cox and not only did they not get him he
ends up being an eagle yeah and then the
Giants choosing last because that's what
you do when you win Super Bowls just in
case we have forgotten around here end
up getting a running back out of
Virginia Tech Wilson's really fast very
good plan so now they have another
two-headed monster to try and run the
ball better because they were terrible
running the football and that's all
great too but we also asked to look at
what we got in claiborne not only do we
get a shutdown corner relatively
speaking not only did we get a guy
that's physical against the run but we
also have a potential punt returner
kickoff returner and when you look at
some of the better teams in the league
if they're not so good in one fashion of
the game offensively or defensively
there are so many times when the special
teams can be that x factor in your
entire season not just one game but your
entire season let's hope he can bring
that to the table as well and you
mention it we were talking off-camera I
said you know what does this defense do
to help Romo because he ran for his life
a little bit and as we sit here now he's
still going to be running for his life I
know there's two new guards in here and
whatever and the tackle switched but the
truth was the offensive line wasn't very
good i don't know it's going to get any
better but you mention it if Clayburgh
can return kicks and or plants or both
which we know he can he helps field
position if the defense can be better
they give the offense the ball in better
places on the field and that makes it
different that makes a difference if you
look at the new york giants eli manning
it took him a while to learn this first
of all he had great wide receivers right
so he didn't have to force anything
anywhere he didn't have to force because
he knows his defense has the ability to
get him the ball back no matter how many
mistakes he makes even if it's in
crucial territory if they're backed up
he throws interception most times his
defense will come away with either
holding them to a field goal or even
getting the turnover and now the Giants
what they do is they have dynamic
players on defense how they won an 06
it's how they won last year Cowboys now
have another dynamic player on defense
thank you very much coming up okay